Telemetry Operator: replace broken link (#13633)
kyma-project/kyma: components/telemetry-operator/README.md

For now, creating Fluent Bit Pods is out of scope of the operator. An existing Fluent Bit DaemonSet is expected.

> The generated ConfigMap (by default, `telemetry-fluent-bit-sections` in the `kyma-system` namespace) must be mounted to the Fluent Bit Pods and consumed by an `@INCLUDE` statement in an existing [configuration file](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/classic-mode/configuration-file). Fluent Bit parsers, file references, and environment variables are available in an additional ConfigMap or Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated Config Map (by default, `telemetry-fluent-bit-sections` in the `kyma-system` namespace) must be mounted to the Fluent Bit Pods and consumed by an `@INCLUDE` statement in an existing [configuration file](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/classic-mode/configuration-file). Fluent Bit parsers, file references, and environment variables are available in an additional Config Map or Secret.
```
Shouldn't that be written in natural language?

Author: You're totally right! Thanks for spotting it!

> See the flags that configure all ConfigMaps, Secret and DaemonSet names in [main.go](main.go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the flags that configure all Config Maps, Secret and DaemonSet names in [main.go](main.go).
```
